and now a buffoons meeting with the Dean
of Admissions at a prestigious College
well Michael add like to extend my
warmest congratulations on your upcoming
graduation and I understand you're
interested in matriculating here in the
fall I got a snake man
yes bets are welcome here on campus be
at the traditional dog or cat or even
the occasional reptile one time I vetted
some beer man
it was slippering this way and that it
was all fucked up I'm sure it was
well we discourage inappropriate
drinking among both students and pets
here on campus rock and shit yes that's
a not uncommon reaction to this policy
so tell me a little bit more about your
background my father's a fucking asshole
me hmm I see your feelings of rebellion
are not unusual at your age son my
mother's a piece of shit doh well I hope
you can find an outlet for your
hostility over the summer so you can
come to school in the fall relaxed and
ready to learn my teacher in high school
was a stupid bitch man she had her head
way up her ass well the quality of the
faculty at a university such as ours far
exceeds that of a local public high
school your Secretary's a real bad bitch
man
yes she's tried many diets over the
years with minimal success I had died
earlier last month I had those shit all
fucking day uh-huh well we all get the
occasional stomach bug never a
pleasurable experience so have you given
any thought to your choice of major I
died our big fuckin border right now mmm
I see well sexual arousal is not
uncommon during periods of nervous
tension I do not take offense one time I
ate my neighbors shit that's
understandable well I enjoyed meeting
you and we'll be sending you our
decision by the end of the month I bet
you got really hairy balls yes it's a
veritable forest down there bye-bye